= venny

Extends the standard library Set object, adding methods for cartesian products, power sets, and complements. Each method is listed below.

== Set#complement(<other enumerable>)
This is essentially the reverse of the native Set#difference method - i.e. it returns the complement of the messaged set with respect to the passed set, as oppsed to Set#difference, which returns the complement of the passed set with respect to the messaged set.

== Set#power_set() (no arguments)
This gives you the power set of the set at hand. As you might expect, these can get pretty big

== Set#cartesian_product(<other enumerable 1>[,<other enumerable 1>,etc.])
This returns the cartesian product of the messaged set instance and the passed enumerable(s).

== Set#*(<other enumerable>)
This returns the cartesian product of the messaged set instance and the passed enumerable. Same as above, but only takes one argument (being a fauxperator)

== Contributing to venny

* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Jeremy Holland. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

